# All about you #

Hi, I'm Ryan Grant. I was one of the first candidates to take this coding assessment. I gotta say, it was disappointing to get rejected for the same reason every other company did in this year long job search. You're looking for more experience...you have a job description, I line up with the description, but you hold off on rejecting me until I do your song and dance routine here on GitHub. Rejecting me for a reason not relevant to the coding assessment. Like you can already tell whether I'm qualified or not by looking at my resume. Why have me do the assessment then?

This is really been bugging me because I have 4 years of experience now. I have work to prove my knowledge. Yet it seems impossible to build a career because there's always someone better than me...so I thought. This is the only coding assessment that's out in the open so I can view other candidates' pull requests. Turns out I was wrong. There wasn't someone better than me. You just think y'all can get someone better. You don't want a decent candidate for a decent price. You want a mid-senior level programmer to apply AND take your low ball offer.

You could've just hired me in the beginning and now I would be up to speed with your team and working. I could finally start coding professionally and make a living, but no. Employers in a post pandemic world are wasting everyone's time by looking for unicorns. I'm stuck drowning in debt and questioning whether I have a future or not. Do you guys realize how bad the job market is nowadays?

In a nutshell:
Every retail job around me is short staffed because they don't pay livable wages to employees (about $25/hour here in Texas). Those are the employers that say "nobody wants to work anymore." Meanwhile, companies that do pay livable wages like yours are just never satisfied with their candidates and keep throwing them away for months. Because they have all the time in the world to find that magical candidate which could be someone not that much better than anyone else. You could be going at this for a while and then finally lower your standards to something reasonable.

These are jobs that require a bachelor's degree. In other words, they require people to bury themselves tens of thousands in debt just to not get that excuse when rejected. Sure you can study your ass off and make a good GPA even with a CS degree (I have BA, but I saw the other candidate along with my PR had one). No one's gonna hire you because you're just "too green" for any company. Back to underpaid retail for ya! Try to keep up with your student loan payments. The shitty job you deserve out of college better have healthcare benefits because a trip to the ER can DOUBLE YOUR DEBT.

I think you people need to realize that there isn't some factory with test tube babies born with the knowledge of programming. They were juniors before, and they somehow got a job that led them through the path to senior level. Every rejection is a rufusal to let someone take that path. Now it feels more like a refusal to let someone live. I love programming, but I hate this industry. In one year, this job search turned my high spirit into grounded spite. Despite that, I still need to keep trying because I still need to make livable income. That's capitalism!

There's my rant. I'm done watching this shit show. Comments are welcome, I never get a chance to speak my mind to an employer or pick their brain on what they're really looking for. I get it though. Close this PR, I'll delete my fork, and then I'm gone 😒